Remove unneeded learning-area refs from html materials (#45069)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn_web_development/core/structuring_content/html_images/index.md

Reviewer: this note can also be removed now

Author: Done also.

Reviewer: url -> name
```suggestion
3. Add an `alt` attribute to the image. You can check that the alt text works by temporarily misspelling the image name.
```

Author: Good point. I've used "filename" rather than "name" to hopefully avoid any confusion.

> 2. Edit the existing {{htmlelement("img")}} tag so that it embeds the image located at the following URL:

Reviewer: since we're not specifying a url anymore
```suggestion
2. Edit the existing {{htmlelement("img")}} element so that it embeds the image `dinosaur_small.jpg`:
```

>    ```url

Reviewer: this code block can be removed

Author: Good spot. Done!
